To build a pipeline, we are using request delegates, which handle each 
HTTP request. To configure request delegates, we use the Run, Map, 
and Use extension methods. 

An IoC container is essentially a factory that is
responsible for providing instances of the types that are requested from
it

Web API routing routes incoming HTTP requests to the particular action 
method inside the Web API controller. As soon as we send our HTTP 
request, the MVC framework parses that request and tries to match it to 
an action in the controller.
There are two ways to implement routing in the project:
• Convention-based routing and
• Attribute routing

In short, content negotiation lets you choose the 
content you want to get in a response to the REST API request.
We need to configure server formatters to format a response the way we want it

we must tell a server to respect the Accept header. After that, we just add the AddXmlDataContractSerializerFormatters method to support XML formatters.

adding the ReturnHttpNotAcceptable = true option under the AddControllers middleware ensures that when a client requests a media type that the server doesn't know how to format it returns a 406 - Not Acceptable status.

The purpose of custom formatters is to create formatter for any media types that need to be supported.

Accept header is used to tell the server what types of response that the client can accept. Often this header is used to request JSON by passing the value application/json, or html by passing the value text/html. 

Async programming is a parallel programming technique that allows the working process to run separately from the main application thread. Basically enhances the responsiveness of our application.

There are different filter types:
• Authorization filters – They run first to determine whether a user 
is authorized for the current request.
• Resource filters – They run right after the authorization filters and 
are very useful for caching and performance.
• Action filters – They run right before and after action method 
execution.
• Exception filters – They are used to handle exceptions before the 
response body is populated.
• Result filters – They run before and after the execution of the 
action methods result.